1. a)Go to property listing page and enter some valid text(i,e land) in keyword field and keep the remaining field blank
   b)Click on search button

result:the property is not listed. (check with client)

2.a)Go to property listing page and keep all the fields blank
   b)Click on search button
		
result: in type your city by default bagalkota is displaying.(check with client)

3. a)Go to property listing page and enter some valid area in area field and keep the remaining field blank
   b)Click on search button

result:the property is not listed. search field is not user friendly.(check with client)

4.Compatibility issue: a) open the schoolpro link in IE browser(version 11).
		       b) Click on register in home page.
			c)in registration page click on logo and other menus.

result:a. in registration page menu,login and logo is not working.
	b. this issue exists in inside menu pages and in main links pages also.	
5. a) open the link in IE browser and click on login button
   b)Enter login details and click on submit button.
   c) in property listing page click back button.

result: on clicking the back button in property listing page, 'login to your account' page is displaying.In login page loading symbol is also displaying

6.a) Go to login page and click on forgot email/password
  b)  enter the email address and click on submit button

result:After entering the submit, login option is available at the top of the page. Please remove the login button.

7. a)Go to property listing page (IE browser)
   b) Observe the dropdown symbol for type of property and looking to

result: Dropdown symbol is displaying 2 times

8.a) Go to post your property page and select type of property as operational school.
  b)enter number of students value greater than boarding school capacity+day school capacity.

result: validation is not given.Num of students value can not exceed boarding school capacity+day school capacity value

9 a)Go to notification page.
result: alignment of the message text box with arrow symbol is not proper.

10. a)Go to join news letter section and type email address
result: email field is not accepting numbers and special characters.

11. a)go to registration page 
    b)Paste some text in name field(using ctrl+v button).

result: ctrl key is not working for name field

12. a) Go to registration page
    b)On hover the mouse on text field name.

result: html code is visible to the user. Please hide the code.
