1. a)Go to register page.
	b)Enter numbers and special characters for surname and first name.
	c)Enter space for password
	d)Click on register button
	
Actual result: surname and first name field is accepting numbers and special characters.
Password field is accepting the space.

Expected result: validation should be given to surname and first name.
password should not accept space.

2. a) Go to login page.
	b)Enter invalid username and valid password
	c) click on login button.
	
Actual result:Error message is  displaying(ajax request failed). Page is loading and not able to close the login popup window.
Expected result:Should display validation error message

3. The second issue exists for:
a)invalid user name and password
b)valid user name and invalid password

4. a.Enter valid username,password and select Remember me option    
   b. click on login button.          
   c. Logout and again click on login button
   
Actual result:Username and password is not displayed
Expected result:Username and password should be present in the text fields.

5. a.Click on facebook and google icon in the login page

Actual result:New window is displayed, but error message is coming

6. a)Go to Camper5 Home page
	b)Check the alignment of year in check in date
	
Actual result:Alignment is not proper.

7. Copyright has to be changed to 2016

8.a)Login to the application
	b)Click on caravans in menu option
	c)Select any one caravan from the list of caravans
	d)click on recommendation button
Actual result:recommendation button is not working

9. a)Go to add caravan page
	b)Enter special characters and numbers in name of owner field
	c)Enter characters and special characters in maximum berth field
	d) Enter characters,special characters and numbers greater than or less than 4 digits.
	e)enter characters and special characters in session rates.
	f)Enter numbers and special characters in booked by and location fields.
	g)Enter characters and special characters in amount field.
	h) enter characters and special characters in price and deposit fields.
	i)click on submit button.
	
Actual result: Caravan is saved successfully. No validation is given for the above mentioned fields.

10.a)Do not login to the application
	b)select caravans from menu and select any one caravan from the caravans list.
	c)Enter check in,check out, no of guests and click on instant book.
	
Actual result: the page is redirecting to payment page
Expected result: Login page has to be displayed on click of instant book button.

11.a)Do not login to the application
	b)select caravans from menu and select any one caravan from the caravans list.
	c)click on recommendation button
	
Actual result:Recommendation button is not working. 
Expected result: when recommendation button is clicked the login page should display.

12.a)Go to add caravan page
	b)enter manufacture year greater than the current year
	
Actual result: field is accepting the value.
Expected year:validation has to be given. Manufacture year can not be greater than current year.

13. In add caravan page, maximum berth can not be 0.
14.a)go to add caravan page 
	b) Do not enter any data and click on submit button.
	c)After getting the error messages, enter the fields with the valid data and click on submit button.
	
Actual result: When submit button is entered after filling the form,the data is not saved.


